
## Installation

```shell
git clone https://github.com/linjujp/student-management-system.git
cd student-management-system
composer install
```

```shell
php artisan key:generate
Create a database and configure .env
php artisan migrate             to create tables
php artisan db:seed             to populate tables
php artisan serve               to start the app on http://localhost:8000/
```
- Config .env file

## Page URLs

    Create Student - http://127.0.0.1:8000/students/create
    Student List   - http://127.0.0.1:8000/students
    Student Marks  - http://127.0.0.1:8000/marks
    Add Student Marks - http://127.0.0.1:8000/marks/create

## Project structure
   
       .
       ├── app                          # The app directory, as you might expect, contains the core code of your application. 
       │    └── Console                 # The Events directory, as you might expect, houses event classes. Events may be used to alert other parts of your application that a given action has occurred, providing a great deal of flexibility and decoupling. 
       │    └── Events                  # This directory does not exist by default, but will be created for you by the event:generate and  make:event Artisan commands.
       │    └── Exceptions              # The Exceptions directory contains your application's exception handler and is also a good place to place any exceptions thrown by your application. 
       │    └── Http                    # The Http directory contains your controllers, middleware, and form requests. 
       │    └── Listeners               # This directory does not exist by default, but will be created for you if you execute the  event:generate or make:listener Artisan commands. 
       │    └── Policies                # This directory does not exist by default, but will be created for you if you execute the make:policy Artisan command. 
       │    └── Providers               # The Providers directory contains all of the service providers for your application. 
       │
       ├── bootstrap                    # The bootstrap directory contains a few files that bootstrap the framework and configure autoloading, as well as a cache directory that contains a few framework generated files for bootstrap performance optimization. 
       │
       ├── config                       # The config directory, as the name implies, contains all of your application's configuration files.
       │
       ├── database                     # The database directory contains your database migration and seeds. 
       │
       ├── public                       # The public directory contains the front controller and your assets (images, JavaScript, CSS, etc.). 
       │
       ├── resources                    # The resources directory contains your views as well as your raw, un-compiled assets such as LESS, SASS, or JavaScript. 
       │
       |-- routes                       # The routes directory contains the urls for the application.
       ├── storage                      # The storage directory contains your compiled Blade templates, file based sessions, file caches, and other files generated by the framework. This directory is segregated into app, framework, and  logs directories.
       │    └── storage/app/public      # The storage/app/public directory may be used to store user-generated files, such as profile avatars, that should be publicly accessible. 
       │
       ├── Tests                        # The tests directory contains your automated tests. An example PHPUnit is provided out of the box. 
       │
       ├── Vendor                       # The vendor directory contains your Composer dependencies.
       │
       ├── CONTRIBUTORS.md             
       ├── composer.json 
       ├── server.php      
       ├── README.md
       
